hers a 15. he was definitely 15. sounds good yup thats fine okay thats fine whats your and pupil exam uh is 15. she obeys commands appropriate response pupils are reactive and equal and is 15. any loss of consciousness not she did not have any loss of consciousness 15. 
she moved every extremity for you already not okay so then can you squeezed can you squeeze this hand squeeze with your right hand thank you huh squeeze your right hand huh squeeze your right hand alright let go 15. can you wiggle your toes huh wiggle your toes did 
you get a as part of the primary yeah its 15. we have evidence of good perfusion no shock and a of 15. so we do a second at a minutes please just to repeat is 15. its fine can you wiggle your toes wiggle your toes again do you 
remember the whole thing or do you think you passed out you remember can i see your tooth did she ever lose dad that we know of not she has not not okay so small can you squeeze my arm baby squeeze my army thank you good job do you 
know what your name is can you tell me what your name is can i take your whereas daddy 15. so is 15. hey keep your eyes open okay were just checking you okay whats your name hey buds do you know where you are do you know where you 
are right now not are you in a hospital yes yeah okay is 15. were going to give a of 15. yup how old are you five and then um hers opening his eyes spontaneously e is of v is did you say something about e tell us your name 
your mommy whereas your mommy huh tell us your name i think hers just shocked and shy yeah how old are you buddy how old how old are you just tell us your name alright so for verbal well give him a of move this hand for us move this 
hand yeah squeeze my hand here squeeze my hand squeeze my hand squeeze my good release release release my hand now release release let it go let it go let it go let it go let it go let it go let it go squeeze my hand again good release 
so motor a of is he releasing he is motor a thats a score of 13. get pupils and a lets try to get a sweetheart open your eyes for us can you open your eyes no response to pain no response to we need a number please so one 
for eyes one for verbal see if shell respond to pain at all anywhere she was responding earlier no response to pain is of a go ahead and get ready to intubate her sorry motor was of 1.1,1 1,1,1 alright thank you of no loss of consciousness no medical history 
yeah he was moving around do you know where you are in the hospital in the hospital great ism a gonna take a listen here okay i just need a and then we can move to secondary if everyone is okay is of thank you is of were you with 
him when he got hit did he get knocked out at all he got knocked out like passed out not he get knocked out i thought you said did he get knocked down not not did he like lose consciousness not not can you wiggle your toes for me alright 
alright 15. and was she cone oh she is conscious yeah sheds been conscious the entire time no complaints of any nausea no trouble breathing alright can you tel me what your name is airway intact can you wiggle your toes for me alright of 15. okay did you lose 
consciousness when you fell not whats the waxing and waning consciousness waxing and waning consciousness is what we heard so has been of for you the whole time yeah he sorts of goes hey buds how you doing is 15. of alright will you squeeze my fingers alright so for 
the uh spontaneous eye opening thats of uh appropriate verbal response thats a and uh continues movement at a so at 15. whats your is 15. ism gonna check your belly took try to wiggle his toes ah you can but be focused yeah and ask him yeah i think 
thats fair i think thats fair and then based on labs we can decide whether he needs belly he lose consciousness he did not it was questionable but dad thinks not and hers with it he is yeah no hers a years old not 15. yup intentional movement with one 
hand in both bilateral extremities so got movement of all four extremities you saw him move the left leg cause i see that yes i saw him move the left leg open any of his eyes spontaneously so no response on eyes its a of of and uh localizing to 
pain so of so a said its of of of of so of of of hers no verbal response and hers intubated whats his name do we have a name alright can you open your eyes how much how much do we have the patients intubated and sedated so we 
can you guys can reach the data now while we seem happy with his exam can you open your eyes hey can you open your eyes for me hey can you open your eyes show me your thumb over here hey hey can you hear me buddy thank you thank 
you hey can you open your eyes alright hey there let me check on this side hers opening eyes hers opening eyes spontaneously a little bit is now a of is now a it because he is opening his eyes spontaneously so verbal is a so eyes is a of 
