speech 136 over of manual blood pressure over mm not yet its cycling now just waiting on bps you got a temps ism gonna defer blood pressure on this side because 107 of 124 over of manually can someone check blood pressure please we getting a blood pressure for 
me 104 over of sheds 105 over of i may have missed this but did you guys get a blood pressure they gave a blood pressure of 105 over 62. great thanks of over of we got a pulse a blood pressure is set and i think the temp was 
the only thing left yup mike just so you know your pressure is 142 over heart rate sitting of percent i got your repeat pressure everything looks good 106 over of 124 over of manually 110 over of say again 110 over of and that was manual of right cause 
ism not i write that eighty over forty because i want to see if we get a better reading i believe it its okay its okay its just hugging it hug your arm and checks your pressure oh see lots of better blood pressure way better blood pressure hers not 
moving hers not dancing hers calm 140 of a a a of and if possible well its the blood pressure cuff is on the abrasion so thats why it is hurting it comes off probably just got in there sorry my bad much better blood pressure guys thank you a 
a a 68. your manual was better than the previous die year your manual was my best so far 110 over of is the manual and can you get us a manual b p for us i did it was 110 over 58. and were we able to get a 
pressure yet yes and well need a blood pressure 112 over of i only have one blood pressure guys did somebody record the blood pressure are we done with that this have a blood pressure cable over manual okay he has the average trying to get the blood pressure 136 
over of manual blood pressure yeah minimum of of we probably need any fluid cause hers got a relatively decent blood pressure at this point so ism gonna defer blood pressure on this side because 107 over of 110 over of just waiting on bps you got a temps manual 
bps 115 was that over was what you said what over over palpated after after after speech alright going to try and get a blood pressure can you straighten out this army one o eight over seventy one o eight over seventy ism sorry say it one o eighty over 
hers one o eight over seventy thank you one twelve over eighty what was it one twelve over eighty one eighty over one thirty one over ninety one start cleaning up a bit sheds on the monitor here and just cycle her blood pressure whats her blood pressure thats my 
monitor so you probably not gonna have luck with that one ism gonna press this over there and then ill come up there get her manual manual a of over 64. okay well get the blood pressure ism okay taking your blood pressure here okay put your arm down to 
side we gotta take your blood pressure i need a blood pressure i know i think i got 130 but that could be something blood pressure is of did you get a its coming okay do you guys have a manual cuffs were gonna check some measurements of the blood 
pressure and there just to see manually its not its an Aviv so year manually year i have the in the top one yea were gonna check some hers got great pulses in both and and the index just to see if equal on both and if its one then 
just do some just get that blood pressure cuffs could we uh recycle that blood pressure do you have one up here blood pressure right man pressure in the right army you said of so well take your blood pressure on this arm okay manual left arm ism just borrowing 
your army no this is a blood pressure cuffs 134 over manual left side yea i mean i think so well get a blood pressure but just to review so everyone um happy um no evidence of shock well wait for the uh blood pressure but good cap refill pulses 
heart rate is 150 right now is pupils are equal and reactive 130 over of blood pressure blood pressure alright can we get a blood pressure guys working on it with ism sorry with crying yes manual for his manual blood pressure thank you manual a a one more time 
ism sorry manual um repeat again fro me please thank you alright we have a blood pressure what was that bps thank you thank you blood pressure thank you blood pressure lets get a blood pressure are we getting a blood pressure right now blood pressure manual manual blood pressure 
do i have a manual blood pressure yet yes madam i called it out i hear it okay were gonna get your blood pressure over here alright is the blood pressure on the side clean its the same one still working manually of over of blood pressure blood pressure manual 
manual blood pressure 131 over well get a did we get a uh manual she got one oh yeah okay good then i care about that he has a normal primary survey he has mild tachycardia to the otherwise normal vital signs blood pressure 136 over hers on a he 
has a large gore iv in situ so my concern is hers still tachycardia out of proportion to seemingly what else could findings into the high and that blood pressure thats just been cyclic temps and blood pressure when you get a second thanks ism taking your blood pressure blood 
pressure manual uh yea it was it was on the manual whats her blood pressure did we hear a blood pressure ism sorry thank you just taking your blood pressure on this side okay so neck with movement i got 130 over uh of manual blood pressure of over of 
thank you oh my god look at that bps do you want me to record that can we please do we have the same alright is uh did we get our manual the legs just by in the legs do you know how to do it never done it before 
what we need a manual thats per protocol so just feeling her stop here with the manual cuff thats behind you in the leg it looks like she might be injured there thats not the manual yeah everyone one stop working and get a manual uh were working on it 
you canst do it in the operation room were not gonna do manual on the lower legs right sheds working on doing one right now but i thought that in the right arm yeah can were yeah can we do you absolutely have to have that in the forms i 
know its on the checklist can we that is everyone okay if we her can you stop alright um and whats her manual is the blood pressure cuff still on yes it is on her leg on her left leg but she was kicking vitals arrived on scene pulse abrasions 
uh the arm left his last set of vitals were do we have a blood pressure yet yea we do is he hooked up to the cuff uh the blood pressure cuffs no what was the last you guys got initial blood pressure your blood pressures okay so we have 
a good sat good manual blood pressure and working on the access okay after you secure that can you then do a blood pressure absolutely thank you take your time yes madam of over 64. ism sorry can you repeat that of over 64. of over 64. do you have 
a blood pressure working on it right now you gotten a manual blood pressure yet not not yet ism just trying to this ism just trying to make sense of stuff that's.. ism trying to get rid of when you finish put this cuff on 118 over okay great and 
the vitals were okay yeah 122 over of was the last blood pressure vitals are all in there were going to take your blood pressure 122 over 82. is 119 over 63. did you get a bps not working on it 106 over blood pressure 110 over manual 101 over 
68. 113 over 77. 118 over of manual 118 over 52. of over 58. is 130 over 130 over yeah is bilateral 104 over 70. you gotta keep these arms straight for me of okay take a quick listen to your arm while we pump it up 110 over 60. 
okay thank you 110 over thank you 121 over 69. 110 over 60. 110 over 60. 120 over 70. my names ism one of the nurses okay ism just gonna put this on this arm okay did you get a manual i told that was manual have you had your 
blood pressure taken before where it gets really tight and then it goes away blood pressure 115 over 66. his vitals are stable his heart rate is his pressure is and title is 37. you got to get in there to get that blood pressure yeah manual 110 over what 
seventy thank you blood pressure coming of over 64. could someone with hands on that side recycle that blood pressure yeah thank you did blood pressure come up not its drive down a little 109 over 86. is 132 over 80. 129 over 63. um his airway was intact hers 
got breath sounds bilaterally um blood pressure was 132 on the right side good distal pulses 129 over 71. 109 over 70. of over 58. of over yes madam thank you a right radial checking blood pressure on the left i got 110 over of manual 115 over 115 over 
of blood pressure of over of 111 over 81. thank you 130 over of manual i need your army and ism gonna do a blood pressure theres one squeeze for a split second can you let your arm down for me gonna feel a tight squeeze from the blood pressure 
cuffs of over of okay so we have distal pulses or blood pressure can you repeat please 104 over of heard 124 over of of over of do we have a good blood pressure for him its recycling right now yeah its recycling its of over 61. 110 over of 
110 over of 122 over of can we get a set of vitals yeah so we have a bps can we get a heart rate get him on the full monitor 127 over of manual blood pressure 106 over of what was the blood pressure 106 over of okay and 
then were getting a manual blood pressure i have a systolic of okay 